Hyperlint Automation: Meta Description Fixes (#20513)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/ssl/reference/protocols.mdx

sidebar:
  order: 3
head: []

> description: Explore Cloudflare's support for TLS protocols from 1.0 to 1.3. Learn about version differences, security standards, and recommendations for optimal use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Explore Cloudflare's support for TLS protocols from 1.0 to 1.3. Learn about differences, security standards, and recommendations on what version to use.
```
